MAT SCALES: Hey, everyone.
My name's Mat Scales, and I'm
with Google's web developer
relations team.
I'm building a web
app at the moment,
and I'd like to share with
you my process for building
that app, as well as talking
about any problems that I have
and anything interesting
I learn along the way.
So let's take a look
at what I'm building.
So here we can see a
prototype of my camera app.
On screen at the moment is the
photos that I've already taken,
as well as a photo
I've imported, mostly
my face, because that's
what I have around
when I'm developing.
And we have the ability here
to either upload a photo
or drag and drop it in or
use the camera on the device
to take a photo.
On a mobile phone, we're going
to be adding in capabilities
to do all of the things
that your camera is
capable of, like firing the
flash or changing the ISO
or changing where the focus
point is on the screen.
At the moment, I've
only got the ability
to change the mirroring
for selfie mode.
So let's take a photo.
And now we're into edit mode.
And we have a fairly
standard set of filters
here, things that you'd see
in any photo editing app.
So I've got saturation.
And I'm using WebGL to render
the filter effects in real time
as you move the slider.
As we go on, we're
going to be adding lots
more features to the app.
We're going to start by changing
the camera settings when
we actually take the photo.
So on a mobile device
we'll be able to use things
like auto white balance.
We'll be able to
change the focus point
or actually fire the flash.
We're going to be adding in
new filters, particularly
like, named filters, or a set
of filters where you click on it
and it does a whole bunch
of things all at once.
We're going to try to make that
really smooth and really fast.
And we'll be adding in all
of these things for video.
So we have to capture
video and then live
preview the video
with the effects added
and create the output
video there on the device.
So if that sounds
interesting to you,
please join me again to
hear more about that.
And thank you for watching.
Thanks for watching.
If you'd like to see more
of our videos, click here.
And we'll see you again.
Cheers.